[podman] Add note about daemonless (#15177)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/podman-support-with-docker-integration.md

    gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest
```

The two important differences are:
* `-v /run/podman/podman.sock:/run/podman/podman.sock:ro` to mount the Podman socket instead of the Docker socket.
* `-e DOCKER_HOST=unix:///run/podman/podman.sock` to configure the Agent communication with the Podman socket.

> When running Podman in daemonless mode, instead of those 2 options, we need to mount the directory where the Podman DB is located, which is `/var/lib/containers` by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Podman in daemonless mode, instead of these options, you must mount the directory where the Podman database is located, which is `/var/lib/containers` by default:
```
